we're looking at a 1990 customs trans am
GTA vehicles guy custom two-tone paint
on it burgundy on the bottom pan on the
top just hanging about seven months ago
overall it's a really nice job but not
perfect couple bubbles here and there
as you can see from looking at the rear
hatch here this has actually got the
Corvette inspired hatch it was only
about 1500 trans is produced with this
it's not the original hatch from this
side go along with the custom paint and
everything else it looks pretty sharp
this guy has got true dual exhaust
running for the 5.7 liter 350 tuned for
automatic transmission both the
transmission and the engine were gone
through all the gaskets changed the
engine was rebuilt there's no leak tix
noises anything like that the ends here
this car does need a little bit of work
door panels aren't too bad a shape but
if you're looking for a show car
probably want to replace them or at
least clean them up the driver seats
probably the worst of it bottom and the
sides pretty tore up it's still pretty
comfortable though back seats aren't too
bad in here no rips or anything there
are some stains where car is 21 years
old though it is missing the headliner
teeth top card t-tops don't leak as you
can see the dash is in great shape this
has got an aftermarket speaker on the
driver's side so the cover don't want to
go all the way down so you either have
to change out the speaker or just take
the covers off as you can see the
passenger side seat looks good no big
groups just got an aftermarket CD player
a night with a removable face center
console stone good shape
pop the hood for you here
now the headlights do work but the
regulator's bed it's about a twenty
dollar part you could get at any auto
parts store give you a good idea the
engine
as I said it to 350 5.7 liter to port
injection
see the shot
even underneath the hood china
this thing looks a heck of a lot better
in person than it does over video
because it's hard to show the the
difference in the paint scheme
it's got the nice ta wheels ws6 this car
does need a little bit of floor work the
passenger sides in pretty good shape but
the driver's side got a whole starting
on the front end on the back of the seat
underneath the seat is in great
condition though so you just need to put
some sheet mount patches or you could
replace the whole floor board if you're
looking perfect just let you hear this
thing Rumble a little
exhaust on this car does sound really
hearty miles according to the odometer 0
0 8 1 2 99 sure it's rolled over this
one does have power windows and mirrors
and locks everything works feel free to
text or call me with any questions at
815 4833 907 or you could email me dtop
da WG 300 @ yahoo.com thanks for
checking out my car